WE ARE JAPANESE GOBLIN!
DO YOU HAVE the soaring knight for the Oni Slayer?
I AM um... JAPANESE GOBLIN
Red, blue, yellow Onis AND MORE!
HIGH VIVID CHARTREUSE GREEN Oni
SEXY MEDIUM VIOLET Oni
Purple blooming Rhodedendron Oni.
Lalala, I wonder can we cause a pandaemonium TONIGHT?
HIGH TENSION JAPANESE GOBLIN!
Drunk, Happy, Slowly getting tipsy
I AM umm... JAPANESE GOBLIN
LET'S GO moon viewing, sing and make a fuss!
Wrap ourselves with wrapping paper or something SHALL WE?
Even humans or ghosts i'll make them see stars
It's not that bad, it's not that bad.
Break out, and LET'S PARTY!
As dusk befalls onto the land
here i am, waiting for tonight's party in vain
Has it not begun yet? Well that's fine.
I'll just blow off a chamomile
Everyone and anyone kept saying that i'm powerless
In the villages they kept repeating "Katashihaya"
I'll just ask them with my fist, "Ekaserikurini"
And they will be as good as forgotten
Someday i'll meet the moon i saw that day
So tonight too, let's have a party and dance.
Till the shining glimmering lights starts fading
when it means it's almost dawn
As dusk befalls into the land
here i am, waiting for tonight's party in vain
Has it not begun yet? Well that's fine
i'll just blow off a chamomile
Umm... The Onigashima international Summit has just begun
These are the thoughts from last year's casualties
following a horn-chipping demage incident caused by a bean curd hamburgers,
The Namahage committee has finally announced
"Soy beans - Absolutely do not want" campaign to be launched
To avoid any misunderstandings to our fellow Oni citizens
I would like to have this chance to consider clarifying these policies.
WE ARE JAPANESE GOBLIN
DO YOU HAVE the soaring knight for the Oni Slayer?
I AM umm... JAPANESE GOBLIN
Red, blue, yellow Onis AND MORE!
HIGH VIVID CHARTREUSE GREEN Oni
SEXY MEDIUM VIOLET Oni
Purple blooming Rhodedendron Oni.
Lalala, I wonder can we cause a pandaemonium TONIGHT?
HIGH TENSION JAPANESE GOBLIN!
Drunk, Happy, Slowly getting tipsy
I AM umm... JAPANESE GOBLIN
LET'S GO moon viewing, sing and make a fuss!
Wrap ourselves with wrapping paper or something SHALL WE?
Even humans or ghosts i'll make them see stars
It's not that bad, it's not that bad
Break out, and LET'S PARTY!
As the darkness falls again today
here i am, waiting for tonight's party in vain.
As the familiar sunset turns linen colored,
I'll just blow off a chamomile
Everyone and anyone kept saying that i'm powerless
In the villages they kept repeating "Katashihaya"
I'll just ask them with my fist, "Ekaserikurini"
And they will be as good as forgotten
Someday i'll meet the moon i saw that day
So tonight too, let's have a party and dance.
Till the shining glimmering lights start fading
Which means it's almost dawn.
As the darkness falls again today,
here i am, waiting for tonight's party in vain.
As the familiar sunset turns linen colored,
I'll just blow off a chamomile
(gibberish)
"Katashihaya"
"̷̜̫̀K̵̙̑͐å̸̞͝t̷̻̾͗à̷̱̅s̸̘̓h̶̟̤̋ī̴̜̭h̷͚̠̀ä̴̦́̏ͅÿ̶̢͍ą̸̥̀"̶̞̌
(Gibberish)
"Katashihaya"
"̷̜̫̀K̵̙̑͐å̸̞͝t̷̻̾͗à̷̱̅s̸̘̓h̶̟̤̋ī̴̜̭h̷͚̠̀ä̴̦́̏ͅÿ̶̢͍ą̸̥̀"̶̞̌
As dusk befalls onto the land
here i am, waiting for tonight's party in vain
Has it not begun yet? Well that's fine.
I'll just blow off a chamomile
Everyone and anyone kept saying that i'm powerless
In the villages they kept repeating "Katashihaya"
I'll just ask them with my fist, "Ekaserikurini"
And they will be as good as forgotten